detective recap here today i'm going to
explain an erotic mystery film called
eyes wide shut
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
it's a delightful night in new york city
and bill and alice harford make
preparations for the party they have
were invited to
the young and beautiful married couple
says goodbye to their young daughter
helena who they leave with the
babysitter
the harfords arrive at the prestigious
party where they are greeted by the host
victor and his wife alona later the men
and women take up the dance floor
swaying to the music among them is bill
who's sporting a crisp tuxedo and his
lovely wife alice wearing a sleek
black dress during the dance bill tells
alice that the pianist in the band was a
former classmate of his nick
who dropped out of medical school just
then the band takes a break for a few
minutes and alice leaves to go to the
bathroom
she and bill agree to regroup at the bar
meanwhile bill walks up and talks to his
old friend and nick tells him that he's
got a gig at the sonata cafe
inviting bill to see him there soon as
they had agreed on alice waits for her
husband at the bar
she takes a sip of her champagne then
sets the glass down
suddenly a distinguished man with
graying hair takes the glass of
champagne
she remarks that it's hers and the man
responds by drinking from the glass
he then introduces himself as chandor
sevast shandor is immediately captivated
by alice and tries to flirt with her
she informs him that she's married but
she does so in a very provocative way
shandor insists that the two of them
dance and alice agrees
from there she remains consistently
flirtatious with shandor throughout the
entire dance
eventually alice and shandor spot bill
from afar as he speaks with two young
women
seeing this prompts alice to be even
more amorous towards shandor out of
spite
simultaneously bill is becoming
increasingly flirtatious with the
beautiful ladies
the two women proceed to each take an
arm as they start leading bill somewhere
before they can get to their destination
a man interrupts the trio
the man says that victor is seeking bill
due to a medical emergency bill takes
his leave and goes to see him
victor is hurriedly putting on his
clothes while panicking over the
unconscious naked woman in his room
when bill shows up he examines the woman
and asks victor what exactly happened
victor explains that the woman mandy
took some drugs and she suddenly fell
unconscious
bill calls mandy by name to see if
she'll respond after getting and
sustaining mandy's attention he manages
to get her back to her senses
bill then recommends that she rest for
an hour then instructs victor to have
someone take her home
meanwhile alice breaks out of her
amherst spell and she firmly tells
shandor that she has to leave
later that night the harford's return to
their home the two of them stand naked
in front of the mirror
leaving their beautiful bodies bare with
that they kiss passionately without
knowing how close to infidelity each of
them was that evening
the next day provides no excitement
whatsoever for the harford's bill works
at the hospital
examining one patient to another as for
alice she and her daughter helena remain
at home
wrapping their christmas presents during
that evening alice prepares a joint for
her and build a chair
in their bedroom alice suddenly asks
bill about the two young women that he
was speaking to last night at the party
bill denies that he was hitting on them
but alice continues to be antagonistic
about it
she appears to be in a volatile and
emotional state as she continues to go
to her husband into an argument
in turn alice's sudden burst of
aggressive energy exasperates him
she becomes furious that bill never
seems to be jealous and he tells her
that it's because he has faith in her
alice then maliciously recounts a
vacation they once had in cape cod where
they saw a naval officer who she was
deeply attracted to alice tells bill
that she was immensely aroused by that
stranger the entire time she was with
bill and their daughter
she even admits to contemplating having
an affair with him and giving up her
marriage and her daughter
bill sits speechless in both horror and
disbelief at the words that came from
his wife
suddenly during the intense law that set
in a phone call arrives for bill
his patient lou nathanson had just died
and he tells alice that he thinks he
needs to go there and show his face
with that bill leaves alice in the
middle of their emotionally charged
argument
bill takes a cab on the way to the
apartment and the entire time he just
couldn't shake the greatly disturbing
image of his wife and some random naval
officer making love
when bill arrives at the apartment he is
greeted by lou's very distraught
daughter marion
she explains that she left her father in
the room thinking that he was just
sleeping
but she realized later on that he was no
longer breathing phil offers her some
comforting words and marian tearfully
thanks him
marion then starts talking about her
boyfriend carl saying that they'll be
married soon and will be moving to
michigan
suddenly something bizarre happens
without warning marion kisses bill
passionately
she professes her love to him leaving
the married man in complete shock
bill proposes that she might be heavily
distraught from grieving her father and
that she doesn't know what she's saying
or doing
still marion insists that she loves him
and she doesn't want to go to michigan
because she wants at the very least to
live near him just then
a doorbell rings and carl arrives carl
goes to kiss marion and comfort her then
walks up to bill to greet him
this when bill takes his leave and
marion is left in shock as she watches
bill walk away after her daring
confession of love
bill walks down the streets of new york
and he's left to make his way home on
foot
still he is bothered by the idea of a
random stranger deeply arousing his wife
practically turning her into a needy and
desperate mess as he crosses the street
bill is followed by a young woman in a
fur coat the woman flirts with him
before inviting him to her apartment
which is only a few steps away
bill agrees and he follows the call girl
into her place where the two of them
agree on a price
they begin to kiss one another but
suddenly bill's phone rings
alice is on the line asking him what
time will he be home
bill lies and says he's still at the
nathanson residence then he adds that it
will take him some time before he could
go home
with a sudden change of heart bill pays
the woman and leaves once again
he's walking down the street and he
happens upon the sonata cafe
from outside he sees the picture of his
old friend nick billed as the pianist
for the night
bill decides to see his friend in the
cafe he sits down and orders a beer
while he's waiting for nick who had just
finished playing
when nick sees bill from the table he
goes to sit with him he lets bill know
that he'll be performing again that
evening in an undisclosed location
nick starts recounting that secret party
he had to play the piano blindfolded
and when the blindfold went loose he had
never seen anything like what he saw
there in the world
suddenly nick gets a call informing him
of the party's address and the password
for it
bill then persuades nick to bring him to
this mysterious party but nick tells
bill that he needs a costume and a mask
to get in
bill goes to see peter grening his
former patient and the owner of a
costume store called rainbow fashion
much to bill's disappointment peter had
already moved to chicago and his store
is now owned by mr millick
luckily mr milk is willing to help bill
get a costume for an additional charge
in the costume room bill requests a
cloak with a hood a mask and a tuxedo
then millik and bill make their way
through the hall of costumes
as milic searches for the cloak he
suddenly hears a thud coming from his
office at the end of the hall
millik is surprised to see a table of
food that had been left there he hears a
man sneeze from behind the closet and he
soon finds two man and his teenage
daughter all in their underwear
furious milk traps the two men in the
office while milk's daughter runs up to
bill and embraces him
she flirtatiously smiles at him as she
holds him close millik orders his
daughter to leave and millet gets back
to searching for bill's cloak
inside the cab on the way to the party
bill's thoughts about his wife and the
naval officer become darker and more
depraved
the cab stops to reveal a large gate
painted in blue with two men guarding it
bill pays the taxi an additional charge
to wait for him before he goes to the
gate
there he speaks with the two men then
gives the password fedelio which means
fidelity
they then lead him to a large mansion he
goes inside and puts on his cloak and
mask
there bill finds the most bizarre thing
he has seen in his life
several individuals are wearing the same
cloak as he is with each sporting a
venetian mask
in the middle of the room is a red cloak
man holding a scepter he is surrounded
by people in black cloaks arranged in a
circle
he bangs his scepter and the black
cloaks fall off revealing several
beautiful and naked women
with a ritual ongoing each woman kisses
the next person on their right through
the opera mask
the sensual ritual ends when the kiss is
reached a full circle and the master in
the red cloak bangs his scepter in front
of each woman
and they each stand up and leave one by
one one woman wearing a black feathered
mask walks up to bill
then warns him to leave as he is in
great danger confused
bill asks the woman to show who she is
but she refuses to answer
the two of them are separated when a man
with a priest mask walks up to the woman
and takes her with him
then bill begins to tour the mansion
eventually finding several men and women
hooking up in groups
villa is left unfounded as he discovers
what seems to be an exclusive carnal
club for the elite
suddenly the woman in the black
feathered mask returns and once again
she tries to convince bill to leave
after failing to persuade him the woman
walks off
and bill is approached by a butler who
tells him to come with him
the butler takes bill to a room where
the master is sat in a chair
all around him are several members of
the club wearing their black cloaks
with all eyes on bill he is interrogated
by the master who's asking for the
password
bill says fedelio and the master says
that that is the password for admittance
but he is asking for the password of the
house
bill lies about forgetting what it was
and the master becomes enraged
he then demands bill take off his
clothes before he could the woman in the
black feathered mask appears demanding
that they let bill go
in exchange she will be the one to
redeem him the master accepts and lets
bill go with the condition that he never
tells anyone
otherwise there will be consequences for
him and his family before he leaves
bill asks what will happen to the woman
in the black feathered mask the master
ominously replies that no one can change
her fate now
bill returns home at around 4am he hides
his costume on a small desk
then goes to the bedroom to find alice
laughing out loud in her sleep
bill decides to wake her up because he
thought she might be having a nightmare
alice wakes up crying saying that she
had a horrible dream
she then tells bill about how she was in
a deserted city with bill and they were
naked
she felt awful and ashamed and she also
felt angry at bill because she thought
it was his fault
bill left to find clothes for them but
the dream suddenly changed she was lying
naked under the sun in a beautiful
garden and from out of the woods the
naval officer came to her and they made
love
a hundred men appeared and surrounded
her out of nowhere and she did it with
all of them
she then realized that bill was watching
her in the arms of all of those men
she started to laugh because she wanted
to make fun of bill so she laughed as
hard as she could
alice now cries in bill's arms and bill
sits in complete horror and awe after
hearing his wife's depraved dream
the next morning bill goes down to the
sonata cafe to look for nick
the cafe seems to be closed since it's
too early so bill goes into the adjacent
diner where he orders a cup of coffee
there he asks the waitress if she
happened to know nick and she says she
does
after lying about a medical emergency
bill receives nick's address from the
waitress
bill then drops by the hotel where nick
is and he is greeted by the receptionist
who says that nick had checked out
already
he explains that nick checked out at 5am
with big burly men accompanying him
the receptionist even mentions that nick
looks scared bill takes his lead then
heads to rainbow fashion to return the
costume
there he's surprised to find that the
mask is missing suddenly
milk's daughter comes out of the back
room wearing only a robe the two men
that milk had locked in the office last
night come out of the back room
too surprising bill he asks milk about
this saying that he thought that he was
going to call the police
milk explains that they came to some
other arrangement implying that they had
paid money to have their way with milk's
daughter which milk himself approved of
millet then remarks that bill is welcome
to anything he wants even if it's not a
costume
as milik says this he puts his arm
around his teenage daughter
bill makes his way back to the mansion
he walks up to the blue gate and a
security camera catches him looking
then a car drives up from the other side
of the gate an old man steps out of the
car and hands bill a letter directly
addressed to him in his full name
the letter reads give up your inquiries
which are completely useless and
consider these words a second warning
we hope for your own good that this will
be sufficient when bill returns home
he finds alice helping their daughter
with homework he then tells alice they
should have dinner early because he has
an appointment that evening
bill goes to the kitchen to get a drink
and alice smiles at him bill smiles back
all while having disturbing thoughts
running through his head about alice's
dream last night
bill goes back to his office where he
calls the nathan's in residence hoping
marion will pick up
to his disappointment it's her boyfriend
carl who picks up the phone
when he heard carl on the other end he
hangs up bill then heads to the
apartment of the call girl he met but
her roommate sally is the only one there
sally invites bill into the apartment
where they start flirtatiously touching
one another
suddenly sally tells bill that the call
girl named domino tested hiv positive
this morning
and she doesn't think that she'll be
coming back anytime soon with this
bill leaves the apartment as he walks
the street at night he's closely being
followed by a bald man in a brown coat
bill tries to evade him but the bald man
follows his trail closely
bill then stops by a newspaper stand to
wait for the bald man's next move
the man finally walks off leaving bill
alone bill buys a newspaper
and he enters a nearby cafe where he
orders a cappuccino while waiting for
his order he reads an article in the
newspaper with a headline stating
ex-beauty queen and hotel drugs overdose
the name of the woman was amanda this is
when bill realizes that the woman in the
black feathered mask was mandy the woman
he helped in victor's party
bill makes his way to the hospital where
mandy is and is shocked to discover that
she's already dead
bill then visits her body in the morgue
where he is horrified at what happened
to her
on his way out he receives a call from
victor who asks him to come to his home
bill arrives at victor's house and there
victor confronts bill about what
happened the previous night
he goes on to explain that he saw
everything that had happened bill is
initially worried about nick but victor
assures him that nick is alive
he also says that the entire thing with
a woman warning him was just some sort
of charade to scare him
of course this makes bill mad and he
asserts that charades don't end up with
people turning up dead
bill then hands victor a cut out piece
of the newspaper with the article about
mandy
to this victor claims that mandy had a
drug overdose she wasn't killed
after the confrontation bill comes back
home to his apartment
there he sees his missing opera mask
lying next to alice who's still sleeping
the weight of the events has finally
taken its toll on bill and upon seeing
the mask he breaks down crying which
wakes alice
bill could only promise that he'll tell
her everything the next morning
both bill and alice are in tears from
bill's story she tells him that helena
will wake up soon
and she expects them to take her
christmas shopping at the store bill and
alice accompany their daughter
the two of them are quiet intense bill
asks alice what they should do
to which alice replies that they should
be grateful that they've managed to
survive through all their adventures
whether they were real or only a dream
when asked is she sure of that alice
says that she's only as sure as she is
that the reality of one night
let alone a whole lifetime can never be
the whole truth to this bill replies and
no dream is ever just a dream
alice nods in agreement and tells bill
that the important thing is they're
awake now and hopefully
for a long time to come bill then says
forever which scares alice and she says
that the word frightens her
she goes on to profess that she loves
him and they need to make love again
very soon
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching